fix: #1674 - don't create empty locked pool when reserve config is empty (#1675)
midnightntwrk/midnight-node: changes/changed/fix-empty-locked-pool.md

#toolkit #runtime

# Fix environments configuration files and genesis state generation to prevent empty locked pool

Removes logic that assigned `MAX_SUPPLY - treasury` to the `reserve_pool` leaving `locked_pool` empty in absence of reserve config.
Now, if reserve config is absent, the reserve pool would be empty. Genesis state will likely fail in such a case, because
funding seeds would fail.

> Therefore there will be `--force` flag required if any pool or treasury is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore there will be `--allow-empty-pools` flag required if any pool or treasury is empty.
```

All environments are now configured to mimic `mainnet` configuration in regards to Midnight Genesis reserve, locked and treasury pools.

Future chain-spec generation should not create specs with empty locked pool if some config was omitted.

> 'preview' Midnight genesis files are removed because they contain invalid pools.

Reviewer: they are still there
